Last night i was at the bathroom and  --- something hard dropped but now i know what it is 
gf said yes to anal --- didn't even had to ask for it
I don't always share fake news articles on Facebook... --- But when I do, they always agree with my point of view.
the moment you discover --- that your gf is bi
when she's searching for somethings --- and bend over
Your A GUy!?!?!?! --- Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut!?
if comey cost Hillary the rust belt --- did he get her California 
See the real value of bitcoin? --- let's make some real money now.
constipated --- too plugged up to cut a fart
mayonaise --- a no no on a reuben sammich and wife is about to have her eyes dotted
did you hear about the poor jewish family? --- they were so poor, they had to jerk off the dog to feed the cat
what is blue and has white spots? --- monica lewinsky's dress
I don't always Lmao, --- but when i do, it's when Sabrina Ellington fucks up in the pt test
I don't kill monsters often --- But when I do, I steal them from anyone
you get a golden shower, and you get a golden shower --- everyone gets a golden shower
hey, its ya boy, uh,  --- skinnypenis
Y U NO SNIPER --- THIS IS A F**king sniper round
Dude hurry up  --- your ice cream is getting cold
TRU --- DAT
my son drives a honda  --- Why couldn't he just be gay 
pancaks! pancake! panca... --- nooo you just eat one
Boss, how do i wear this headgear ar? seems like too..... --- shut up, none of our headgear fits your head size
4 Must-Use Tips for UX Designers --- Chromeinfotech
Trump supporters --- On November 8th
"Hatred of Islam is common sense" --- Kill yourself
You support Trump? --- Kill yourself
when i hear mathias in  a sentence with --- savage i get confused
When you hear the new sound instagram --- makes when when you like a pic.
RUSSIAN HACK? --- BULLSHIT.
what if ducks --- are just all terrain chickens
works hard on math homework --- finds out that she only gets completion points
¶ex-press¶ over   --- alternative outlets  
2017  will be better than 2016... --- c'mon..
Freedom of speech! --- Except for Jews. We'll fuck you if you say anything against our sacred Jews
HFS EFEF --- YRGFUG
Teacher gave me punishment --- And i fucked your daughter
follow me on instagram #model --- magnus1801.2003
the incoming president has to use Twitter to make himself heard --- and they think we lost control
Tired, but don't have time to sleep? --- Try crystal meth, you'll be up for 4 days straight
Ran out of toilet paper --- had to use zig-zags
Concerned about obesity --- costs $8 for a salad and $2 for a cheeseburger
Right to defend yourself --- Expels kid from school for beating up bully
Muhammad expelled Jews and Christians from Arabia because Islam is evil! --- Native American genocide? Get over it! Jews expelling Palestinians? Get over it!
Brace yourselves... --- Winter has arrived in Milan 😱
Calls you white trash for driving a '92 honda and working at autozone --- Never had a job or a car
Semen --- semen everywhere
BITWIG --- NEW LICENSE MODEL SUCKS
I Dont always betray my girlfriend --- but when i dont i feel guilty
You call Muhammad a pedophile yet you defend Trump when he said he wants to have sex with his daughter and grab a woman by her pussy?  --- Kill yourself you fucking hypocrite
You call Muhammad a pedophile yet you defend Trump when he said he wants to have sex with his daughter --- Pathetic hypocrite. Kill yourself
as clueless as ever --- so we faked them again with Trump´s golden showers
Western people? --- You mean the subhuman pigs calling themselves "The most civilized nations in the world"?
Bisphenol A --- is a gender bender
sadar bro sadar lo itu cuma dianggap --- TEMAN
Thank you Tracy --- You rock!
Pleiades est isolé dans sa bulle réseau --- Bravo la DSI !
Megírja a közleményt --- mégsem kell kiadni
suck it trebbek
WORK HARD --- MASSAGE HARD
maggie kobithen --- makes me angry
Y u no --- Plug in the iPad Thomas
I dont always watch Disney movies but, --- Wait, what am i sayin, yes i do!
Not sure if steven agreeing with me --- Or suggesting i stay the same
What if I told you --- Medics are worth dying for
Mormonen sind auf der Fahrt nicht erlaubt ...  --- but thats none of my business
None
now watch --- THIS!!!
release to production --- test there
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY --- BREAK THE PROMISE
Plays casual --- Gets a good team
So you're tellin me --- Mexico still claimed Texas as part of its territory after 9 years of independence? 
pis la je leur ai dit --- vos notes seront disponibles mercredi soir
So long as your interest to not interfere with mine --- I wish you a happy birthday Don Peter salute!
Pis là j'leur ai dit --- VOS NOTES SERONT DISPONIBLES MERCREDI SOIR TARD
not sure if serious --- or trying to incite pineapple riot
BRACE YOURSELVES --- SPRING CONFERENCE SEASON IS COMING
What.... Chicken Biscuits aren't good enough for you?
Makes friends buy Battlefield 1 --- Hates Battlefield 1
Wants to sing your Praises --- Did not hear about Survey
Winter is Coming --- and so are Connelly's "Mehs"
brace yourselves --- spring conferences are coming
One Does Not Simply --- Tame a Deepy Daddy (except Preet)
First I bang the drum --- Than I bang ur mum
I don't always sub for Jenny McConnell... --- but when I do, Austin Buchala and Michael Heinz are absent.
when you realize --- some wave lengths are visible
that moment when you kill --- everyone on the map 
my mom said i should have  H.W --- i said math does not work for me
I don't always get to eat Muffins --- But when I do, it's like a bride getting cake shoved in her face.
Play it like a --- pdf champion
What if I Told You --- That Rob Connelly's First word was "Meh"?
Y U NO --- USE SLACK
one does not simply --- respond without textual evidence
Du kleine --- Schwuchtel
Not sure if I finished all my invoices quickly --- or they where never assigned
DID YOU JUST ASK ME TO LEAVE? --- I---DON'T---CARE.
"Claim" you say --- what claim?
if i possessed a mallet --- i would pound it in morning time
DNA test show ancestors from Europe --- So I'm not American?
Y U nO --- go home
and i told mark --- you should start an annual video game event and name it after the streets you live on
So you are telling me --- That you'll take care of eds 
Please gimme another legendary supercell --- - Sanjai 2016
when your the only person at the audition  --- but you still dont get the part
That face u make when you need to  --- get that last peice of poop out
had an impulse to do research --- aaaaand its gone
when your "friend " --- takes your seat
BRACE YOURSELF --- HERE IS OUR DYSFUNCTIONAL VALENTINE'S MOVIE SECTION
What if i told you --- you get free ticket to "dan henry live" if you upgrade to Study with Dan!
Purchased the book --- 'How to build a wall for dummies'
I throw cups in the aluminum bucket --- Because they both have soda in it
Rodney's  bringing the dickel! --- Party's on bitches!
I SHOULD --- CALL THE COPS
This is your ugly face --- Cason keel
WHOA JANE --- ARE YOU OLD?????
I don't always take joy in the success of others. --- But when I do, it's because Brooke made the Waller Butte Volleyball team!!!!!!
The new Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 --- 9mm pistol w or wo safety
I dont always have leftovers --- But when I do, i give them to Sanesbury
What if I told you  --- You get a free ticket to "Dan Henry Live" if you upgrade to SWD!
Ben Carson being nominated for head of HUD is like promoting someone to head chef because they've eaten food before. --- But that's none of my business
not sure if ray is a deputy --- or he is here to work on the plumbing
De higer og søger  --- ...Men mig finder de ikke i gamle bøger
you stupid asshole, --- i wanted a double espresso
De higer og søger --- men mig finder de ikke i gamle bøger
when you raise your hand to say something --- and someone else says the same shouting just before you
SO BEST PRACTICE --- MUCH CHRISTMAS
What a unique event --- But staying under the duvet is better
oh you like dave matthews huh? --- so you really mean  "Crash into me" 
drives a navara --- expects to make it to the tip
Hvad hvis jeg sagde --- At der vil være NPCer som er fanger ligesom dig
Mary is leaving nooooo --- how am i going to get my  gorgeous legs  fix now
Only 18 Kipsu Messages! --- This is unacceptable!
onko "tämä lause on valhe" --- totuus vai valhe?
IF SUPPORT IS DOWN --- WHO SUPPORTS SUPPORT?
oh so you say you love dave matthews huh? --- so you really mean just 'crash into me"
when you get A CLASSMATE cheating during an exam --- and you'RE NOT SURE IF YOU SHOULD GRASS ON
Djenna eating 5 times mcd a day --- Still 7 kg
None
too much headspin --- makes you see aliens
This is the Intersitial text --- that you are looking for
Phony? --- or phony?
What if i told you --- Friday the 13th can be killed
This is the interstitial  --- Text that you are looking for
Banglore university --- What the f is wrong with you
And then i asked --- but, what is same
EPA investigates FCA for diesel emissions ... --- dont care, because something about a truck
YEAH BABY!!GROOVY MAN!! --- TELL COOLEY TO SOD OFF!!
I don't always eat king cake --- but when I do, it's for breakfast. 
DNC 2017 COMMENTS --- "yES SIR MR TRUMP" or "I RESPECT YOU MR TRUMP"
What if I told you that playing Facebook post games ---  does not raise Autism Awareness
types 25 wpm --- I'M SUCH A HACKER
I don't always eat king cake --- but when I do, it's for breakfast. 
DNC 2017 COMMENTS --- "yES SIR MR TRUMP" or "I RESPECT YOU MR TRUMP"
What if I told you that playing Facebook post games ---  does not raise Autism Awareness
types 25 wpm --- I'M SUCH A HACKER
None
When you finally get her number --- At daycare
Custom rugs  --- Please tell me more
E così non si mettono i tote neri nel montacarichi 2b... --- E adesso al vecchio chi glielo dice?
when you are reflecting back on life like   --- am i SATISFIED enough 
I love laying with you and --- feeling your hear beat
boo
What if I told you --- Coffee is already a laxative
ONe does not simply --- own outdoor products
sonarqube.com --- 1k users
I Don't Always squint my eyes --- but when i do you look better
CONGRATS PETER --- YOU'RE GONNA ROCK IT!
CONGRATS PETER --- YOU'RE GONNA ROCK IT
i don't always give bonusly points --- but when i do, it's huge giveaway
I ONLY LIVE FOR TODAY --- WHAT? #TAKETOMORROW
Brace Yourself --- Docteur concoctass is coming
72 DPI is --- "Enough for cards"
I thought that Patryk will know difference between Kindle and FireTV --- AAAAAAAAAAAAND nope, he still doesn't get it.
One day, I gonna ask you to run 5 K --- And that day, you cannot refuse me
None
De higer og søger  --- ...Men mig finder de ikke i gamle bøger
you stupid asshole, --- i wanted a double espresso
De higer og søger --- men mig finder de ikke i gamle bøger
when you raise your hand to say something --- and someone else says the same shouting just before you
SO BEST PRACTICE --- MUCH CHRISTMAS
What a unique event --- But staying under the duvet is better
BRACE YOURSELVES --- HERE COMES A DELUGE OF SNOW PHOTOS ON FACEBOOK
PLC Meeting Today --- Cancelled!
OMB hacked disclosing private details of US Gov employees, military & contractors and no one bats an eye --- DNC emails hacked disclosing mass corruption and everyone loses their minds!
i swear i only did on purpose
what if i told you --- yardsigns are memes
1 buttom vs. 12 buttoms --- sounds like hector vs. turbo
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY --- SPOIL VISION SUNDAY
TĚŽÍM UHLÍ, ŽERU UHLÍ, DÝCHÁM SRAČKY --- OSTRAVA LIFE
YOU CAN'T HANDLE --- THE ROLLBACK
I swear i only did it on purpose
Oh no... --- It wasn't a fart!
TĚŽÍM UHLÍ, ŽERU KONĚ, DÝCHÁM SRAČKY --- OSTRAVA LIFE
If we had just elected your crackhead --- I would be so happy
Mike brings his lunch to work --- Everyone loses there minds
I swear i only did it on purpose
Why --- are you still taking attendance?
get ready --- im taking feature a
Stop ---  Annaxation
dont look
what if i told you --- today is katelyn's birthday
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU --- THAT THE LITTLE SHIT YOU SEE ON SCREEN ISN'T ACTUALLY WHAT THE ONCELER IS SUPPOSED TO BE?
Stop trying to make Los Angeles happen --- it's not going to happen
What if i told you --- You could save money by using door to door for travel
You keep using that word rationale  --- And i dont think you know what it means 
can i say giggity  --- are other even allowed to say giggity
One does not simply go to the career fair --- without extra resumes
All chuggers are cunts... --- ...That's why they make me so much fucking money.
One does not simply --- write a daily blog
What if we put cheese On top of cheez-its --- and dipped them in cheese
hey Kodak ,lil bill, black bart simpson --- your not better then wayne..yo tied face ass
I don't always hang out with Jane Morgan-Harry --- But when I do it turns out to be an orgy 
filosofian mukaan olen ainoa, joka on varmasti olemassa --- hyvä, kaikki muut on idiootteja
lesbian gay bisex transgender? --- Why not loli shota pedophile cougar?
deci eu muncesc 5 luni pentru ceva? --- si tu il primesti gratis?
filosofisesti olen ainoa joka on olemassa --- hyvä, 
when dogs throw up --- they eat it again why?!
I'm a baby mama --- I do just what I wanna
ONE DOES NOT WORK IN ZS AND CLEAR CFA L3 --- UNLESS HE IS PRASHANT
Goes to breakout area to accept job offer --- Lal's in there
one dose not simply --- lick the icying they eat it like a boss!
today we learn --- why school is in 2017!
The sun shine so much on my screnn --- I can't even see my screen
Go to breakout area to accept job offer --- Lal's in there
So minecraft is a bad game because it dosen't have hd graphics.  --- Didn't you just say i should try theme hospital?
WIęc mówisz,że  --- Zdasz sejsĘ?
filosofisesti olen ainoa joka on olemassa --- hyvä
your leaving...... --- How am i going to get my mary fix now
The sun shine so much --- I can't even see my screen
You were the chosen one --- you were meant to bring balance to the party not destroy it
None
teacher --- y u no help me 
feature branches --- Wicked tricksy false!
hi there --- mi naym is petr kenun
you were the elected one --- you were supposed to bring balance to the party not leave it 
finnsih teacher --- y u yell all the time
SRETAN ROĐENDAN!! --- ŽIVJELI!!
happy birthday --- laura
Make picnic --- great again!
one does not simply --- be Norsk
Snowing --- "So hard"
LAN
After 15 min of bowling and chill  --- and she gives you this look
just wait --- until thilak finds out
its snowing i'd better go to tescos and stock... --- we've had 1mm. get a grip
I dont always FULL COMBO --- But when I do I get 6 in a row on Bass
"ALLE" --- "NEDE"
GIVE JOE BIDEN HIGHEST CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL  --- START WORLD WAR 3 AND LEAVE OFFICE IN ONE WEEK
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU --- THERE'S AN API FOR THAT
jouke@socialbrothers.nl --- wijzigt 100 wachtwoorden voor de lunch
None
Im a car salesman --- I know everything
Abraham 36, AOW --- Auf dem Höhepunkt seiner Karriere
Abraham 36, AOW --- Auf dem Höhepunkt seiner Karriere
Das Wort ist.... --- STÖPSEL!
Stay --- Skeptical
Brace Yourselves --- Andreia's Probezeit is over
Brace yourselves --- Andreia's Probezeit is over (and Winter is coming)
Brace yourselves --- Andreia's Probezeit is over
drove rwd car in snow --- didn't crash
Wanna play some baccarat? --- Ok. I'll be right "baccarat" in 5 minutes.
TEE DRINKEN --- NICHT VERGESSEN
I dont usually compete with days, but when i do, --- i crush them
blacklist this escort for stds destiny xu www.destinyxu.com  514-980-0667 xdestiny.xu@gmail.com --- blacklist this escort for stds destiny xu www.destinyxu.com  514-980-0667 xdestiny.xu@gmail.com
Tre bien EConet wireles --- am back to power manje
Not sure if excited for Frozen Synapse 2 --- or new nervous testpilot album...
Oh my god no!! --- Why didn't I call B&G for all my translation needs?
What if i told you  --- we did nothing 
embed motherfucker --- do you know how to do it?
What if i told you --- we did nothing
Lead by content --- or get meoowed!!!
Happy Birthday Teresa!!! --- Having a snow day on my birthday is my favorite!
Tre bien econet wireless --- pfeee zvekare pama social networks ko ungandidi
When you save a section and click next on EE reports --- And you get the error "this site cant be reached"
I don't always raise something as business critical --- But when I do it's business critical
Got the balls to tell the girl I've had a crush on how I feel --- She says she just got out of a relationship and isn't looking to date any time soon
full of motivation for school --- did nothing for school
zorgbobo
full of motivation for school --- did nothing for this project
When my mom says i can stay home tomorow ---  
Smell that  --- Smells like bullcrap
I told you --- I need that camera for Jessica
Your penis --- I just painted it..
So you're telling me --- 72 dpi is enough
UK see's a little snow --- everyone loses their minds
Waarom --- heb ik nu weer gezegd dat ik haar op kom halen? 
So, you absolutely love helping people out at work everyday? --- Ah, Tell me more about how you feel useless
Djenna makes no srnse. Rating 5 times MC a day --- Stilleven 5kg
closed source
They will be overwhelmed --- I guarantee it
what do you tell a snowflake with two black eyes? --- nothing because you already told them twice.
Djenna rating 5 times mcd a day --- Still 7 kg
FCA Diesel Scandal.....
Not sure I'f Taco is gay --- Or just bi-curious
Dang u be old.  Look at the bright side --- At least the Cowboys will win Sunday
Brett --- I thought we were cool?
When you lose in --- Overwatch
Did you just sink wash your meat? --- pass
Should texas raise the minimum wage... --- No!! Government does not create wealth - it consumes it!
WHAAAA? --- JEFF IS BACK?
Djenna eating 5 time mcd a day --- Still 7 kg
Bryan Cook --- Y U SO Purdy?!?
Sits next to crush --- Farts
I don't always freeze --- But when I do, I'm in Florida, the temperature is 34 degrees, and I'm standing around watching people run a marathon. 
Bryan Cook --- Y U SO Purdy?!?!
I'll have my own Internal Medicine and Cardiology Club --- With Blackjack and Hookers
I'll have my own Internal Medicine and Cardiology Club --- With Blackjack and Hookers
Bryan Cook --- Y U SO PURDY?!?!
not sure if true friend --- Or just bored
what if I told you --- we could have used more
I don't always blame Ashmead  --- But when i do i kinda lie
bRYAN COOK --- WHY YOU SO GREAT?!?!
 Not sure if I should offer her cat food --- ...or a vodka martini
I'll make my own Internal Medicine and Cardiology Club --- With Blackjack and Hookers
Y u no understand? --- Zach is gay mafia!
One does not simply --- Use a contraction in an essay and think Miss Rizer won't notice
I'll make my own Internal Medicine and Cardiology Club --- With Blackjack and Hookers
None
Not sure if  --- Unlocking phone or checking time
Do you want to give people anxiety about MRI's --- Because that's how you give people anxiety about MRI's
Don't touch this iPhone --- I haven't had lunch yet
So Yusilfghzfgvy,jbg fivlbG flviataw^LBcrngFXnvKZMBi --- Epic fail
Bruce has a crush on barbara in the lego batman movie and nobody panics
DO you want to give people anxiety about Mri's --- Because that's how you give people anxiety about MRI's
So what did you think about da13thsun videos? --- They were Awful! He said things that were true and it affected me!
I dont feel like leaving --- BECAUSE YOUR HOLDING MEEEEE!!!!!!
manufacture --- y u no secure your licence
That's cute, you think a tantrum will change --- your current situation.
Bruce has a crush on barbara in the lego batman movie and nobody panics --- bruce bangs barbara in the killing joke movie and everyone loses their minds!
I don't always reply all --- but when I do I am conveying useful information
me when a joke not funny --- haha you thought
Not sure if left wants world peace --- Or war with russia
When you notice --- how dumb your bf really is
I don't always use Ubuntu --- But when I do, I want tiling terminals
Who needs weekend --- when we got iLy
THESE EMAILS... --- NOT IMPRESSED
To apple --- and beyond
damnit claire
I don't always use Ubuntu --- but when I do, I would like to have tiling terminals
Jerzy Star using the template  --- filter in Outlook works great 
one dose not just simply --- go to bed after looking up memes
Youthful Raj --- Why doth thou be trapping with such intensity
when you notice how dumb your bf --- really is (mieschmuddel) 
what if i told you --- sue wismar will make a meme using your words
so someone ate all the Gummies --- Tell me More about how you wanna know exactly who did it
Pat and Tracy --- What exactly do you do here?
None
you dare --- MOck me
what if i told you --- you don't have to wait until the ice tray is empty to make more ice
We'll make our own Johnacon --- with Blackjack and hookers
I don't always use study groups --- but when i do, i find them tantalizing
this valintenis im gonna spend time with my ex --- box 360
Whoa, whoa, whoa, --- Calm down
If I change the background of a spacer --- Am I just creating a full width divider
this is what happen at barcelona --- when you speak truth
Guess the  --- Passcode 
Mr. Miller --- Are you still wiping asses at GLS?
how am i --- going to refuel this ship?
Chris K.? --- Why not Chris A?
TAke AT-LEAST one five MINUITe --- break an hour
JACENE --- TAKE THE WHEEL
Yesterday 31m rows --- Today 16m rows
I am one with the force --- The force is with me
So you do installs for a living --- tell me more about how hard you work
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO --- REFUEL THIS SHIP?
I'll just quickly remind him "wear a coat" tomorrow. --- Oh shit, why can't he just say, "oh yea, thanks."
What if i told you --- there is no ending
So you'er telling me --- there's an easy way to bypass a mod-chip?
The man just stood there, blankly staring upon the text --- eventually, MILLENNIA passed and his mind withered
None
whoa, whoa, whoa --- calm down
You mereley adopted having to face HEATFS --- I was born in it. Molded by it.
He wanted me to confirm my code... --- I just did.
he wanted me to confirm my code... --- I just did.
SUDDENLY --- A WILD JESS APPEARS
he wanted me to confirm my code... --- I just did.
I dont always play   lazer tag --- but when i do it's at       Flags and wheels
Dada dada da dada da dada --- Dada dada da dada da dada
I DON'T DEPLOY ON FRIDAYS --- BUT WHEN I DO, IT'S FRIDAY THE 13th
when corbin doesn't text me back
QUANDO STAI PARLANDO CON LA TUA RAGAZZA --- MA LEI NON RISPONDE DA ORE E TI INCAZZI
Phony? --- or Phony?
IF I Had a penis --- I would be fucking bitches 24/7
I DON'T ALWAYS DEPLOY ON FRIDAYS --- BUT WHEN I DO, IT'S FRIDAY THE 13th
Not sure if Chris is quiet --- or just doesn't give a fuck
If I could make a fist --- I would punch you in the nuts
I DON'T ALWAYS DEPLOY ON FRIDAYS --- BUT WHEN I DO, IT'S FRIDAY THE 13TH
not sure if chris is just quiet --- or doesn't give a fuck
he wanted me to check my code --- i just did.
I may not always invade mead halls --- but when i do, i make sure to brutally murder and kidnap thirty friggin' people
yeah, things are getting pretty rugged around alton --- they'll probably be drinking their urine soon.
Thanks! --- You rock!
When you get --- another tci
I heard it's your Birthday --- POKE!!
WHEN BOB SAYS HE HAS ASTHMA... --- CRID SAYS YOU MEAN "PUSSY LUNGS"
Dada dada dada... --- Dadadada dada.
Bink!!! --- Binking everywhere! 
BUT HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO --- REFUEL THIS SHIP?
I don't usually make deals on Slack --- But When I do, I do them In Metric
"by design"
I don't usually make deals on slack --- but when i do I do them in metric
None
Banker --- Y U No put screen shot in stop payment ticket
hey... --- talend doesn't make mistakes.
OUNSTA  --- GEEKUN
i see... --- a phony 
I don't always know what cards you had --- But i sure pretend like I did once you show them
that doesn't --- even sense?
wan i see a girl --- i creap
None
None
I don't Always Wake Up hungover --- But when i do, I go to hollyhock hill for fried chicken
Evan duuude --- Y U No put screen shot in stop payment ticket 
wait wat is that? --- of its your dick
if you use talend --- you're gonna have a bad time
My 2 Titan X Pascals --- are slightly noisy. 
Really? --- Another email?
YO DAWG THAT DEBT GOT SOLD --- TO A DEBT COLLECTOR WHO SOLD IT TO A DEBT COLLECTOR WHO SOLD IT TO A DEBT COLLECTOR
If raisins come from grapes... --- why are there still grapes?
Go on...
Tell Aidan, --- One does not hit on girls
one does not simply --- talk to libby for longer than 5 minutes
I don't always tpk --- but i will tonight
I'm telling you --- Gonna need more publishers
ARE YOU TELLING ME --- THERE IS BEANS IN YOUR HOUSE
what if i told you, that the 'fake news' about trump's secret meeting with trump and him getting peed on by hookers... --- is a distraction from the new fbi dump of clinton's emails? 300 new emails to be exact!
Puny --- DB
It Works Great --- Just not like that.....
Don't think I'll check your oil --- Challenge accepted 
ICEPOCALYPSE 2017 --- WE WILL REBUILD
yo dawg i heard you like blogging --- so I put a blog in your blog so you can blog while you blogging
My wife cheated on our anniversary day with my friend  --- We are a Muslim. They shall stoned to death. 
The moment when you realize --- DUNGEON REALMS RESET!!!!!!!!
So i heard climate change is a problem ---  I think not.
Y NOT DIE  --- IN MY PALMS
Learns basic excel  --- Ready to join Anonymous
And you get a participation trophy! --- And you get a participation trophy!
You finished skyrim  --- Please tell me how much im doIng wrong, Im so interested 
Nennt sich der Streit zwischen Veganern... --- Immer noch "BEEF" ?!
Management want to review all changes --- I let the company burn
First Reply --- BOOM!
KNOWLEDGE --- Stay thirsty my friends.
GOES TO MEME JAIL --- BOTTOM TEXT
c'mon, 470L --- put up or shut up!
management wants to review all changs --- I just let it burn
It's ok I checked the order- --- No you didn't!
I don't always play madden --- But when I do I'm usually gettin my ass whipped
what if i told you --- you can buy a house without overstressing
knowledge --- stay thirsty my friends
Me conte mais  --- Sobre isto
INVEntory is done --- no more scanning!!!!
Not sure if you knew that --- Or googled that
I don't also play Madden  --- But when I do I'm usually gettin my ass whipped by Blaze or Rell
goes to the knob after work for "one" beer --- can't figure out how to button his jacket by the time he's getting ready to leave
Guess who is the new teachers pet his name is peter joe --- FUCKING DICKHEAD SUCK MY NUTS BEACH
TALKING --- ASRIEL I DONT KNOW ABOUT YOU
LOS CUBANOS CUANDO SE --- MURIÓ FIDEL
what happens when --- u eat mcdonalds fries
Went to a "techno" show --- only played Tech House
goes to school --- and gets jump by other kids
I rang the bell --- y u no salivate anymore
Sophie is Hitler --- deal with it
goes to the knob after work for "one" beer --- struggles to button his coat when ready to leave
The letters --- PCM
How you feel when mark  --- Checks your oil
hmm.. you cant finish your  --- science then make your shit happen
I DON'T ALWAYS BUY A YEARBOOK --- OH WAIT, YES I DO
c'mon, 470L --- put up or shut up!
stop stealing my pens because the next time you do --- this will be a bullet
What if I told you --- you can buy a house without overstressing
Management wants to review all changes --- I let the company burn to the ground.
Me conte mais  --- Sobre isto
gets the new teacher dick his is peter joe --- fucking dickhead
ASK FOR ANOTHER REQUEST  --- I double dare you mother fucker
Wanting on --- August 11th like
My face when scientists said..... --- CLIMATE CHANGE IS A PROBLEM!!!!!
what if i told you --- you can buuy a house without overstressing
got laid --- moaned twice
One Does Not Simply --- Tame a Deepy Daddy (except Preet)
First I bang the drum --- Than I bang ur mum
I don't always sub for Jenny McConnell... --- but when I do, Austin Buchala and Michael Heinz are absent.
when you realize --- some wave lengths are visible
that moment when you kill --- everyone on the map 
my mom said i should have  H.W --- i said math does not work for me
I don't always get to eat Muffins --- But when I do, it's like a bride getting cake shoved in her face.
Play it like a --- pdf champion
What if I Told You --- That Rob Connelly's First word was "Meh"?
eat mor chikn
spark rocks
There aren't any canaries here --- Might as well call it 'Disappointment Wharf'
What is the mean of the --- Ww2
Don't mind you drink corona, --- But i'm judging you!
What mark thinks  --- I will check that oil and make u my bitch
Buy a home on Friday the 13th? --- No thanks, I'll wait for interest rates to go up again.
Yasssss --- FRiday
We'll build our own compressor --- with blackjack and hookers
i'm actually drinking kombucha. there is no good evidence that it has any health benefits. --- but that's none of my business.
Gamma dammit --- Gamma!!!
Works fine on my machine --- Your problem now
When mark sees  --- An untouched ass
i'm sorry --- i dont speak idiot
